Add security doc (#81)
uphold/topper-docs: docs/security.md

---
sidebar_position: 14
---

# Security

> ## Protect Your Signing Keys

Reviewer: Just for consistency, we don't use title case in other pages.

```suggestion
## Protect your signing keys
```

> Never expose or share your signing keys. If compromised, attackers can initiate sessions on your behalf.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Never expose or share your private keys. If compromised, attackers can initiate sessions on your behalf. You should never share your private keys (even with us), and never commit them to a public code repository. To further protect your keys, you should consider rotating your private keys regularly.
```
